# Suggested Agenda for 2021-04-02 4:00 EST

## Agenda Items
### Old Business
1. How do we incorporate non technical people into the agenda items? Currently utilizing GitHub repo and Discord. Where should we and can we expand to? 
1. Can someone put together a list of all the major Ravencoin-related websites, github, and social media accounts with who owns them or has control?
1. Testnet is ready to fork.
1. Updates on existing core development work.
	- P001 - ISE? Quotes?
    - #880 (sweep capability) - Nicholascioli in progress.

### New Business
1. Suggest merging rights for Hans and Hyperpeek to assist with GitHub.
1. Update to P001.
1. Looking for 3 to 5 people interested in a development team who are willing to work on a debian, or arch linux fork for the Raspberry Pi's.
1. Open floor for developer current topics of iterest .
1. Open floor for developer future topics of interest / agenda items.
1. Spacial AMA in Braveland's Ravencoin Campus.

### From The Community
1. Are there any updates for asset exchange? Mango farms?
1. Should we "re-introduce" and use SegWit?
1. Forking test net. - Jeroz.
1. Suggest a community dev channel in discord to provide an avenue for non dev members to contribute.