# Meeting Minutes for 2021-03-26 4:00 EST

### Developer Meeting Minutes 3-26-21
1. P001 - Kudelski is booked but recommends a specific sub-contractor.
    Suggest using ISE as they are familiar with the code. Barring community suggestions will contact during following week.
1. A list of approvers for PR's is needed. Requires C++ and GitHub write access. 
    Suggest process guide to properly approve.
        Volunteers: Tron Black, Kent Bull, Hans Schmidt, Mike Newton.
1. Wiki - Continually updating.
1. Testnet - Suggest forking (ready to go).
    Suggest utilizing Testnet during audit process (P001).
1. Mango Farms comments that a Ravencoin asset exchange is in the works and that IPFS is localizing in Korea and Germany
1. Suggest merging PR #904 immediately.
1. Suggest a GitHub page to push nightly builds to for easy access.
1. @Vincent posted an article on Medium laying out the details and discussion points regarding asset creation cost (burn rate).

### Latest Pull Request updates: 3-28-21
1. 906 - Update QT library to more current version.
    6.X+ as a possibility with onboarding phase.
        Opened: 3-26-21.
1. 904 - Fix build pipeline.
    Relates to #902 and includes #896.
        Complete: Awaiting 1 approval.
1. 898 - Better max values on quantity spinboxes for asset creation.
    Relates to #830 and #871.
        Open: 
1. 897 - Custom ipfs URL.
    Relates to #901.
        Open: 
1. 896 - Update Julian time beyond Dec 2020.
    Code complete.
        Complete: Awaiting 2 approvals.
1. 894 - Add combobox to QT header for price unit.
    Adding "save" to settings.
        Open: 
1. 880 - Add sweep capability
    In progress
        Open: In progress, Foundation funding
1. 873 - Incorporate P2SH for asset transactions
    Relates to P001
        Open: Awaiting P001 audit
